docs/models-supported.md, before:

---
sidebar_position: 4
---

# Models Supported

## OpenAI Models

All models that support [Assistants API](https://platform.openai.com/docs/models/overview) are supported by [Assistants Hub](https://assistantshub.ai).

| Model Name |
|------------|
| gpt-4-turbo |
| gpt-4 |
| gpt-3.5-turbo |
| gpt-3.5-turbo-16k |
| gpt-3.5-turbo-0125 |

## Google Gemini Models

#### gemini-1.5-pro-latest

The gemini-1.5-pro-latest model is a large-scale language model developed by Google. It is designed to generate human-like text based on the input provided to it. The model is trained on a diverse range of text data to ensure that it can handle a wide variety of tasks and topics. [Read More](https://blog.google/technology/ai/google-gemini-next-generation-model-february-2024/#sundar-note)

<hr/>
<br/>
Google is a registered trademark of Google LLC. OpenAI is a trademark of OpenAI, Inc. AssistantsHub is not affiliated with, endorsed by, or sponsored by Google LLC or OpenAI, Inc. Reference to any products, services, processes, or other information by trade name, trademark, manufacturer, supplier, or otherwise does not constitute or imply endorsement, sponsorship, or recommendation by Google LLC or OpenAI, Inc.

Commit message:

Adding documentation for the Groq support!

docs/models-supported.md, after:

---
sidebar_position: 4
---

# Models Supported

## OpenAI Models

All models that support [Assistants API](https://platform.openai.com/docs/models/overview) are supported by [Assistants Hub](https://assistantshub.ai).

| Model Name |
|------------|
| gpt-4-turbo |
| gpt-4 |
| gpt-3.5-turbo |
| gpt-3.5-turbo-16k |
| gpt-3.5-turbo-0125 |

## Google Gemini Models

#### gemini-1.5-pro-latest

The gemini-1.5-pro-latest model is a large-scale language model developed by Google. It is designed to generate human-like text based on the input provided to it. The model is trained on a diverse range of text data to ensure that it can handle a wide variety of tasks and topics. [Read More](https://blog.google/technology/ai/google-gemini-next-generation-model-february-2024/#sundar-note)

## Gorq Cloud

All models that support [Gorq Cloud API](https://console.groq.com/docs/models) are supported by [Assistants Hub](https://assistantshub.ai).

| Model Name        |
|-------------------|
| llama3-8b-8192    |
| llama3-70b-8192   |
| mixtral-8x7b-32768     |
| gemma-7b-it |

<hr/>
<br/>
Google is a registered trademark of Google LLC. OpenAI is a trademark of OpenAI, Inc.Groq, GroqCloud™ and the GroqCloud logo are trademarks or registered trademarks of Groq, Incs. AssistantsHub is not affiliated with, endorsed by, or sponsored by Google LLC, Groq Inc or OpenAI, Inc. Reference to any products, services, processes, or other information by trade name, trademark, manufacturer, supplier, or otherwise does not constitute or imply endorsement, sponsorship, or recommendation by Google LLC, Groq Inc, or OpenAI, Inc.
